unfortunately in our country almost in
every region has children
who need
can endlessly blame
imperfection of the state system
but there is another way
try it yourself
make extreme
contribute to
sunny city
follows the path of action every day since
by most
in 2008 the hospital children program
implemented only
in Novosibirsk
in 2009 in tomsk in hospitals for children
the guard begin to take care
professional educators and
nannies
program
the city comes at once three cities chelyabinsk
Nevyansky Barnaul
street cities of Russia
becoming new cities
joining the foundation's activities
kids
boundaries of charity
stock
of our country and the interest of children
in 2011 we plan to open some more
the region
today amd company manager can not
choose the best way to participate in
charity projects
purchase goods at the palace
take part in federal and
painless promotions he
transfer funds to the fund account
taking advantage of the solar service
personal experience
on the site of Davydov Species Yu start
points
join in
charity movement
let's create 2001
every year together